Muktagiri Internet Privacy Policy 

Muktagiri respects your right to privacy. This policy summarizes what personally identifiable information we may collect, and how we might use this information. This policy also describes other important topics relating to your privacy. 

Information Collection 

Muktagiri only will collect personally identifiable information (such as name, title, company name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through our website or e-mail correspondence. We will collect general information (such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, and the domain name and country from which you request information) to improve our Web site and better meet your needs. 

Use of Information 

Before we collect any personally identifiable information, we will provide an explanation for the possible use of your data. The information you supply will be used by Muktagiri to respond to your inquiries, supply you with requested information on Muktagiri products and services, or track orders you place with Muktagiri. Authorized third parties may be utilized by Muktagiri to collect, track and process such information. If you have submitted personal information to Muktagiri electronically and would like it removed or modified, please contact us at muktagiri@hotmail.com. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. 

Children and Parents 

Muktagiri does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without permission of the child's parent or legal guardian. Children under the age of 13 should submit personally identifiable information to Muktagiri only with the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian. Where appropriate, Muktagiri will instruct children not to submit personal information. If your child has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may do so as indicated above and Muktagiri will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. 

Other Important Information 

The Muktagiri Web site may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites. Additionally, some of our Web pages may contain "cookies," which are data that may be sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our server to "recognize" you when you visit our Web site in the future. Most Web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you. 

It may be necessary, if required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations, to release your personally identifiable information. 

Muktagiri reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. We will promptly reflect any such modifications in these Web pages. 